Docs: removes writing guidelines, points contributors to Writers' Toolkit (#58011)
grafana/grafana: contribute/documentation/README.md

# Contribute to our documentation

Welcome. We're glad you're here to help make our technical documentation even better.

> Please consult the [Writers' Toolkit](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/) for our style guide and writing guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our style guide and writing guidelines, see [Writers' Toolkit](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/).
```
* _Writers’ Toolkit_ is a proper noun; remove preceding article.
